Doc/#203 updated documentation (#208)
exasol/ai-lab: doc/user_guide/login-vm-and-ami.md

## Login to AMI and VM Editions

Username: **ubuntu**

> At the first login to the sandbox (image or AMI) you will be prompted to change your password.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the first login to the AI-Lab (image or AMI) you will be prompted to change your password.
```
